chore(content/update): Refactor and Amend Weld Message (#1669)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/721-to-722/_index.md

### Weld Class Loading Issues

In deployment scenarios involving one or more process applications with managed beans, classloading issues may occur if the WELD library is directly embedded in the WAR's `/WEB-INF/lib` folder.
To resolve this, move the weld library away from the war and place it into the `$CATALINA_HOME/lib` folder.

> The above fix is not guaranteed to work for cases that have cross-archive bean references (archive A referencing a bean from archive B).

Reviewer: 🔧 Let's link to the broken test cases so that the Admin can understand easier if and how they are affected:

```suggestion
The above fix is not guaranteed to work for cases with bean references between WAR deployments (WAR A referencing a bean from WAR B). The following test scenarios fail on Tomcat 10:
* [CallActivityContextSwitchTest](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/blob/f37877b822dabcbf3cee5806bd5833d18cdcb543/qa/integration-tests-engine/src/test/java/org/camunda/bpm/integrationtest/functional/context/CallActivityContextSwitchTest.java)
* [CdiBeanCallActivityResolutionTest](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/blob/f37877b822dabcbf3cee5806bd5833d18cdcb543/qa/integration-tests-engine/src/test/java/org/camunda/bpm/integrationtest/functional/cdi/CdiBeanCallActivityResolutionTest.java)
```
